So with that dummy places added and our places service in its first basic version added, let's use
these places and let's start in the discover page where I want to output them. In the discover page, I
therefore will inject my places service, places service which is possible by the way because places
service here has add injectable with provided set to root, if you wouldn't have that, we could still
inject it but then we would have to add it to providers in the app module, that service.
So that's just important to highlight
but with provided in root here, it's auto-provided
and now we can inject it anywhere in this application, for example in the discover page of course
and I want to fetch my places when we load that page.
Now I will do that in ngOnInit here because for now, that will work but be aware that of course
with all that caching and so on,
by the way pages are also cached when you were going from tab A to tab B,
so be aware that with the caching, ngOnInit will not run every time this page becomes visible.
For now, I have no way of changing my places anyways, so I don't need to be able to update them and therefore
fetching them one time only is fine. Hence here, I'll first of all add my own places or loaded places
property in the discover page, that is of type place and therefore you need to import that from your
place model and that will be an array of places actually and in ngOnInit,
I'll set this loaded places equal to this places service which is a property of this class because I added
private in front of this argument which automatically binds this argument to an equally named private
property of the class and therefore here in places service, I can access places which uses this places
getter I defined. So that loads us some places, in the template
now of that page, we can now add code to render the places. For that, I'll actually construct the ion grid
here with an ion row and ion column because I want to control the width of that featured place
I want to have at the top. So for that here right at the top, I want to add an ion card in that ion
column, that should display my featured place. In that card, we can add an ion card header with an ion
card title and the title now of course should be my featured place title.
Now at the moment, I only have my places array,
so what we could do here is we simply access place loaded places and then the first element and then
the title of that element, that is my featured element, the first element of my loaded places always
is my featured element. Outside of the ion card header,
I want to have an image that takes the full width of that card and therefore we add it right here below
the header, an ion image and the source of that image should be the URL, the image URL of our
place,
so source is property bound to loaded places, the first element and then the image URL. Below the
ion image, we'll add the ion card content to wrap the rest of the content we want to display
and for me here, that will simply be my description, so I'll simply add a paragraph here where I output
with string interpolation loaded places, the first element and then the description. Now the price would
also be interesting to see and I'll add that below the ion card title with the ion card subtitle and
in there, we can set the output loaded places,
price like this and let's add /night after that,
now that's hardcoded text here, simply not referring to anything dynamic, not referring to an Angular
property, that is just some text and I also want to format this as a currency and for that, we can use
the currency pipe Angular ships with which you add with a pipe symbol and then currency and that's
a default Angular feature not related to Ionic, it just transforms this price to look like dollar currency
out of the box. You could configure that but the official docs are the place to go for that and when we save
this and we go back, this is what we should see. If you getting an error here by the way, try restarting
the Ionic serve process, quit it with control C and then rerun Ionic serve, sometimes you need to do
this after adding new files to the project like we did with our service, that looks beautiful. Now on
a non-mobile device, this card is super big though and that is exactly what I want to control with my
ion grid here in the template. That is why I did wrap my card into the ion grid because on this ion
column here, we can now set a default size of 12 but for let's say smaller screens or bigger, we'll
set it to 8 and add an offset for the same screen size of 2, so that this is a bit centered. I also want
to center all the text that's in there, so the text inside of the card too, this then is applied to all
the child elements, thanks to CSS inheritance. This looks better, now the card isn't as large,
it's still big and you could shrink it down further by playing around more with the CSS grid, with
the Ionic grid sizes
but for me that will do, we'll dive deeper into the Ionic grid later,
don't want to spend too much time on it right now.
This is nice,
that's the featured place,
now what about the other places we have? With the featured place
in place,
let's also add other places and for this, I'll add another ion row and another ion column with exactly
the same size set up as the card, so that it's nicely aligned below the card and in here,
I want to render all the other places I have. We can use an ion list for this with ion items in there
and then use ngFor to loop through all our places.
Now it's up to you if you want to loop through all the places including the featured one or only the
other places that are not featured yet.
I'll go through all the non-featured places by creating a place variable, you can name this whatever you
want and going through our loaded places
and now to get only the one that's not featured, we can use slice here and start at index 1 and this
will basically take all the places, all the elements in this loaded places array after the first element
which is our featured element. Ion item is then replicated for all these places and in there, I'll add
an ion thumbnail component which you can also find in the official docs,
you saw ion avatar before, thumbnail is basically similar but doesn't render a rounded image but a
square image and I'll give this a slot of start to position it on the left inside of this ion item,
so the slot refers to the surrounding ion item and inside of ion thumbnail, you use an ion image
typically
and here again I bind my source dynamically, in this case to place because I get a place here when I
loop through all the places, image URL. Now besides the thumbnail and the place,
I'll then also add an ion label which you should use as a wrapper for the other text next to your thumbnail,
especially if you plan on using multiple text elements which I'll do and then I'll add a h2 tag here
where I output the place
title and beneath that, paragraph tag with the place description, something like that.
Now with that if we save this, let's have a look at our results here on the page as it reloads,
here we see the other places.